Go through the content of the zip file named in the Financials Automation.zip in the repository. I need to create an automation app for drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards. The app is to be designed to run on windows 10/11 systems. I tried doing it using the coding agent on app.trysolid.com. It was able to build the web app successfully with all the required functions but was not able it to generate .exe for windows installation. The file Financial Automation.zip contains the files generated by app.trysolid.com. The prompt given to app.trysolid.com is located in file prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt. The file also includes the initial detailed prompt given to Gemini 2.5 Pro on GitHub for creation of VBA code for automation of drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards. The final version of the VBA code is available in the file VBA_Module1.bas in the repository as well as in the prompt provide to app.trysolid.com. 

Goal:
.exe file for Automation app for drafting of Financials as per Schedule III and Accounting Standards for use in Windows 10/11

Tasks:
1. Read the files VBA_Module1.bas and prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt. and understand the automation aspects of the task, the initial prompts given to Gemini and app.trysolid.com
2. Identify the additional automation possibilities, checks and balances (which may not have been included so far by Gemini or app.tysolid.com due to restrictions in their coding abilities) on the basis of the files VBA_Module1.bas, prompt_app.trsolid.com.txt, Financials Automation.zip, Schedule III.pdf, Sample TB.xlsx.
3. I am Only providing initial prompt and not further discussions and resolutions of the issues, so there may be aspects in the files iterations of the VBA code as well as the codes in Financials Automation.zip which may be in addition to the initial prompt, pls do not remove any such function, for example user authentication, licensing system, database management, etc.. In case you face any issue with integrating them for the final windows app then pls discuss with me what should be done. Discuss only in case there is a downgrade proposed from the existing system in those files, in case of upgrades, you can straight away proceed.
4. Review the code files in Financials Automation.zip and identify issues in the code as I am not able to create the .exe file as per the steps provided in the file EXE Instructions.md. It keeps throwing one or the other error, resolve 1 get another. Do a thorough review of the code, the installations files, dependencies, etc. and actions listed at 1-4 so that the issues can be solved and updated made once and for all. 
5. I have no coding experience and would want you to make the .exe file
6. Run the sample TB in the application to ensure all the functions are running and not throwing errors.
6. Install all dependencies you may require for complete the task.

Identify the AI model for coding carefully, I would like as less debugging as possible. You're free to choose any but don't shy from changing it in case it is not able to resolve the issue repeatedly.

Keep this instructions in memory at all times so that unnecessary and uncalled for deviations don't happen.
